Hi friends
In this video we're going to discuss about the need of structure.
Assume that we are going to develop a software for the college
library to manage all student's information.
Student information includes roll number, name, age, weight etcetera.
and all
these are of different datatypes. So here can
we use array?
Definitely not! because an array is homogeneous data type were we
can store only data of the same datatype.
So we need a solution to this and that is
Structure and a Structure can store data of different data
types and hence it is sometimes called as the heterogeneous
data type.
Now this is the syntax of structure.
Here struct is the keyword used and we can
give any name to our structure.
And within curly braces we should declare the structure members
which can be a combination of any data type.
And at last we should put a semicolon;
Now let us see an example, we have to store student information
including roll number, name, age, and weight
So here we can create a structure called Student with
structure members roll number of integer type,  name of
character type, age of integer type and weight of
float type.
Now we can easily get and manage this information.
So that's all and thank you for watching this video.